>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
let's talk about this module's exercise,
we'll walk through a solution to it.
As the ReadMe lays out, you want to take
these functions, the ones that are at
the bottom, and essentially wrap them in
one big function called define workshop.
That'll be our module factory function.
So I'll start by doing that,
I'll say defineWorkshop.
And this one big function is going to
include all of these inside of it.
And so just like with the other ones,
I'll keep those functions at
the bottom of that scope.
I'm gonna make and return a public API.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then I also need some
data for this module to close over to use.
And the data that I'm gonna be
closing over is currentEnrollment and
studentRecords, I need those
two arrays Inside of here.
So I will make and
arrange called currentEnrollment,
>> Kyle Simpson: Another one called
studentRecords,
>> Kyle Simpson: On my public API,
I need to have according to the ReadMe,
these five functions,
addStudent and enrollStudents.
So, let's do those first and define those.
>> Kyle Simpson: How do those work?
Well, first, we have addStudent.
It's gonna take the ID, the name and
whether they're paid and
create a record and stuff that in.
So, we're gonna take id, name,
and paid as the input.
And we're going to push
into the studentRecords
array,
>> Kyle Simpson: An object that
includes id, name, and paid.
>> Kyle Simpson: EnrollStudent is similar,
enrollStudent,
>> Kyle Simpson: Takes a student id,
and it pushes that into
the currentEnrollment array.
I'm gonna do one extra check since this
is an API now rather than being set up,
it's I'm gonna do an extra check that
makes sure that I'm not try to add
duplicate IDs into the array.
So I will do if
(!currentEnrollment.includes(id), and
currentEnrollment.push(id).
ReadMe then says we need
a printCurrentEnrollment.
So what would printCurrenEenrollment do?
>> Kyle Simpson: It
doesn't take any inputs,
it essentially takes
the place of this call.
This one is printing
the currentEnrollment, so
let's literally just copy that
into our printCurrentEnrollment.
We don't want them to provide
their own list of IDs,
because that's the whole purpose of
the module is to abstract that detail and
keep it as a hidden implementation, okay?
Next the readme says we
need an enrollPaidStudents.
Exactly the same, enrollPaidStudents
is doing the same thing as this,
which is to call paid students to enroll,
and
then update the current
enrollment array with it.
So, let's do,
>> Kyle Simpson: What's
it called again, enrollPaidStudent.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then finally,
we need a remindUnpaidStudents.
Again, that is basically taking the place,
of calling remindUnpaid
with our currentEnrollment.
So we need that,
>> Kyle Simpson: And a function.
>> Kyle Simpson: So we've now hidden those
implementation details inside of a module
definition.
We have,
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
we expose five public API methods and
we keep everything else private.
We keep the data private, and closure is
how we maintain that state over time.
Last step, then, is instead of,
>> Kyle Simpson: Setting
up these arrays we need to actually
make and instantiate, I guess is not
the last step but the next step,
is we need to instantiate our workshop.
So we're gonna call defineWorkshop,
and we're gonna start using it.
We'll first set up the student records,
so I'm going to, because I'm super lazy,
use some regular expression
replacing to define those.
>> Kyle Simpson: I have one
already written for myself so
I don't have to rewrite it.
>> Kyle Simpson: I need to turn
on regular expression mode.
All right, so
now those are all my function calls.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then similarly here
we're gonna call deepJS.enrollStudent.
That's what I called it,
right, enrollStudent?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
I'll just type these out.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now that stuff's done,
and then all that's left is for
us to update these calls to print,
>> Kyle Simpson: PrintCurrentEnrollment.
>> Kyle Simpson: I think
I missed a detail there.
>> Kyle Simpson: I not only
need to update it, but
we need to print the records,
so I missed that [INAUDIBLE].
Our enroll paid students needs to update
the enrollment and print those records.
>> Kyle Simpson: We call
deepJS.enrollPaidStudents.
And then last but not least,
ddeepJS.RemindUnpaidSstudents.
>> Kyle Simpson: And we're done.
As I said at the outset, modules really
is one of the most important code
organization patterns in all of
JavaScript, maybe in all of software,
but certainly in all of JavaScript.
So you're gonna get a lot of mileage
out of thinking about this pattern,
practicing it,
trying to implement it more.
So I would strongly recommend
everything in this course for sure but
especially this.
Try to go back and
do some homework, if you will.
Try to go back and look for
some place in your code where that
could use some better organization and
see if there's a way to extract out
a simple definition for a module.